It's a human sign
When things go wrong
When the scent of her lingers
And temptation's strong
Into the boundary
Of each married man
Sweet deceit comes callin'
And negativity lands
Cold, cold heart
Hardened by you
Some things lookin' better, baby
Just passin' through
And it's no sacrifice
Just a simple word
It's two hearts livin'
In two separate worlds
But it's no sacrifice
No sacrifice
It's no sacrifice at all
Mutual misunderstandin'
After the fact
Sensitivity builds a prison
In the final act
We lose direction
No stone unturned
No tears to damn you
When jealousy burns
Cold, cold heart
Hardened by you
Some things lookin' better, baby
Just passin' through
And it's no sacrifice
Just a simple word
It's two hearts livin'
In two separate worlds
But it's no sacrifice
No sacrifice
It's no sacrifice at all
Cold, cold heart
Hardened by you
Some things lookin' better, baby
Just passin' through
And it's no sacrifice
Just a simple word
It's two hearts livin'
In two separate worlds
But it's no sacrifice
No sacrifice
It's no sacrifice at all
No sacrifice at all